# TVbeat End-User Licence Agreement (EULA) - Terms of Use

## A. Introduction
Welcome to the TVbeat, a UK registered company (“TVbeat,” “we,” or “us” or “ours”). Your use of this Web site (the “Site”) and the services made available on the Site is subject to these Terms of Use (these “Terms”). By using any of our Services, you, the entity you represent and any affiliate of such entity (collectively “you”  agree that you have read and agree to be bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, these Terms of Use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT USE TVBEAT’S APPLICATION SERVICES.

We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do make significant changes, users will be notified via the email address registered to the account. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them, it is also your responsibility to ensure that the email address to which the account is registered is still accessible to you. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.

## B. License to Use our Services
Subject to these Terms, we grant to you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use our Services for your personal use and not for resale or further distribution. Your right to use our Services is limited by all terms and conditions set forth in these Terms.

Except for your pre-existing rights and this license granted to you, we and our licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to our Services, including all related intellectual property rights. Our Services are protected by applicable intellectual property laws, including United States and United Kingdom copyright law and international treaties.

Except as otherwise explicitly provided in these Terms or as may be expressly permitted by applicable law, you will not, and will not permit or authorize any third party to: (i) reproduce, modify, translate, enhance, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or create derivative works of any of our Services; (ii) rent, lease or sublicense access to any of our Services; or (iii) circumvent or disable any security or technological features or measures of our Services.

In addition, you will abide by all terms of any contract that arises between you and TVbeat, wherein any infraction of the terms of the contract will also constitute an infraction of these Terms of Use

## C. Access to our Services
We do not provide you with the equipment to access our Services. You are responsible for all fees charged by third parties related to your access and use of our Services (e.g., charges by Internet service providers).

We reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of our Services without notice. We will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of all or any portion of our Services.

We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to our Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability.

## D. Restrictions
You must comply with all applicable laws when using our Services. Except as may be expressly permitted by applicable law, or as TVbeat may authorize expressly in writing, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (i) store, copy, modify, distribute, or resell any of the information; audio, visual, and audiovisual works, or other content made available on our Services (collectively, “Service Content”) or compile or collect any Service Content as part of a database or other work; (ii)  use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use our Services or to store, copy, modify, distribute, or resell any Service Content; (iii) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to our Services to another person; (iv) use any Services or Service Content for any purpose except for your own personal use; (v) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of our Services; (vi) use our Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, our Services; or (vii) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of our Services or any Service Content.

## E. Privacy Policy
We may collect registration and other information about you through our Services. Our collection and use of this information is governed by our Privacy Policy, available on the TVbeat website dash@tvbeat.com.

## F. Restricted Areas of the Services and Password Protection
Certain parts of our Services, including the TVbeat dashboard, may be restricted to registered users or other authorized persons (“Protected Areas”). If you are authorized to gain access to any Protected Areas, you agree that you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and agree to notify us if the password is lost, stolen, disclosed to an unauthorized third party, or otherwise may have been compromised. You agree that you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account, whether or not you are the individual who undertakes such activities. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security in relation to your password or our Services that is known to you.

## G. Trademarks
“TVbeat,” the TVbeat logo, and any other product or service name or slogan displayed on our Services are trademarks of TVbeat and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of TVbeat or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing “TVbeat” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of TVbeat without our prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of our Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of TVbeat and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in our Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by us.

## H. Feedback
We may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about our Services (“Feedback”). You agree that we may, in our sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to us in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to our Services. You hereby grant to us and our assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable, royalty free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner any for any purpose, without in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.

## I. Disclaimer of Warranties
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE SERVICE CONTENT IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES AND THE SERVICE CONTENT EACH ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICE CONTENT, AND YOU RELY ON THE SERVICES AND SERVICE CONTENT AT YOUR OWN RISK. ANY MATERIAL THAT YOU ACCESS OR OBTAIN THROUGH OUR SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY MATERIAL THROUGH OUR SERVICES. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH OR FROM OUR SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. SOME STATES MAY PROHIBIT A DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.

## J. Limitation of Liability
WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES AND SERVICE CONTENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF US AND OUR SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS OF ALL KINDS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND SERVICE CONTENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO US FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND SERVICE CONTENT. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

## K. Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold us, our suppliers and licensors, and our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns harmless from any costs, damages, expenses, and liability caused by your use of the Services and Service Content, your violation of these Terms, or your violation of any rights of a third party through use of the Services or Service Content.

## L. Legal Notices
Enforcement of these Terms will be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom, excluding its conflict and choice of law principles. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any claims arising out of or related to these Terms or your use of the Services or Service Content will reside in the courts of the United Kingdom. Our failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. In the event that a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
